# Snake

Hello! This was a little project I've been working on for Computer Science, and this repo just contains all of the different steps of my process to getting to the end product.

In order from oldest to newest, I first created **snake.py**, moved on to **Q-Learning AI.py**, **HANS.py**, **HANS_but_twice.py**, **HANS_Against_You_Lol.py**, and finally **Final_Game.py**.

My original goal for the project was to create a snake A.I. which could get fairly far in the game, being far more advanced than a human could be. I had started out by creating the snake game, which wasn't necessarily too difficult as I already had some experience with Processing, so all I really needed to do at that point was to convert everything I knew into Pygame. After finishing it, I was left with *snake.py*. Next, I started going off of Code Bullet's video where he attempted to create a snake A.I. (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-NJ9frfAWRo&t=801s), and not realizing that Deep Q-Learning and Q-Learning were completely different algorithms, I simply went in trying to use Q-Learning to solve the problem. After realizing it was, for lack of better words, *shit*, I had scrapped everything I was doing up to that point, leaving it within the file *Q-Learning AI.py*. I started looking into different algorithms and ways to implement AI, and ended up sticking with developing a path-finding algorithm for the snake, resulting in my first "successful" file, *HANS.py* (I decided to name the snake HANS, which is an acronym for *a Hardcoded Algorithm, Namely for Snake*, to make him a little more person). From there, I felt that there was more to do, and so I thought to myself, "what if there were **2** HANS's"? This resulted in the monstrosity of *HANS_but_twice.py*, which was more for fun than anything. After realizing how fun it was to watch HANS go against himself, I decided that it would definitely be worthwhile to implement a program which allowed you to play against him, resulting in *HANS_Against_You_Lol.py*. For quite a while, that was all I was willing to do, but like the week before I needed to have the program finished, I decided to make it a legitimate game, resulting in *Final_Game.py*, where I combined *HANS.py* with *HANS_Against_You_Lol.py*, as well as adding a loss and win condition for the latter portion of the game.

So that's that! My 2020 CS program.
